Document improvement (#451)
sycamore-rs/sycamore: docs/versioned_docs/v0.8/basics/components.md

convention to name components using `PascalCase`.

```rust

> #[allow(non_snake_case)]

Reviewer: This is already added by the `#[component]` macro. The IDE might not have expanded the macro (in certain cases with intellij rust or old versions of rust-analyzer) and therefore shows the issue.

Author: intellij rust does not show this indeed. Thats why I added it because it gives warnings. Removed it.

    // ...
}
```

### Component children

Components can also be wrappers around other child views by adding the `children` field to our properties struct.

```rust
#[derive(Prop)]
pub struct MyComponentProps<'a, G: Html> {
    children: Children<'a, G>,
    class: String
}

#[component]
pub fn MyComponent<'a, G: Html>(cx: Scope<'a>, props: MyComponentProps<'a, G>) -> View<G> {
    let children = props.children.call(cx);

>     view! { cx,
>       div(class=props.class) {
>         (children)
>       }
>     }

Reviewer: Indentation should generally follow Rust code formatting.
```suggestion
    view! { cx,
        div(class=props.class) {
            (children)
        }
    }
```

    // ...
}
```

> ### Nested components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Component children
```
This represents better what this does. "Nested components" might be confused with the children of the component.

Author: Changed.

> You can also build components that can have sub components. We need to create a Props to support this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components can also be wrappers around other child views by adding the `children` field to our properties struct.
```

Author: Changed.

```rust
#[derive(Prop)]
pub struct MyComponentProps<'a, G: Html> {
    children: Children<'a, G>,
    class: String
}

#[allow(non_snake_case)]
#[component]
pub fn MyComponent<'a, G: Html>(cx: Scope<'a>, props: MyComponentProps<'a, G>) -> View<G> {
    let children = props.children.call(cx);
    view! { cx,
      div(class=props.class) {
        (children)
      }
    }
}

view! {
    MyComponent {

>         class: "my-class"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        class: "my-class",
```

        {
            p { "My sub item 1" }
            p { "My sub item 2" }
        }
    }
}
```

### Default props

> When your making a custom component but you don't need all of them all the time. You can add a default value to it.

Reviewer 2: "your" should be "you're"

Author: Updated

> When you're making a custom component but you don't need all of them all the time. You can add a default value to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some property fields might have a default value. Use the `#[builder(default)]` attribute to allow omitting the property when constructing the component.
```

Author: Changed.

```rust
#[derive(Prop)]
struct MyProps {
    name: String,
    #[builder(default)]
    email: String,
}

view! { cx,
    MyComponent {
        name: "John Doe",

>         // email can be left out and will have the default value. In case of a string "".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Since `email` is left out, it will be set to the default value "".
```
